hi remember how I told you guys I wanted
my 70 to 80 my blackberry happy
everything about I am so excited oh let
me show you guys okay here it is um let
me turn the backlight off I don't really
know how to UM how to operate it but I'm
learning and it's singular it's old I've
AT&T but I got it i'm so excited i love
it oh my gosh i love it i'm so happy i
couldn't be happier right now because I
am such as for you brat when it comes to
my cellular phones especially my
blackberries I love them so this is
actually this is the fourth blackberry
that I have but I sold my first one
which was the pearl I plan on buying
another pearl took that one that I had
with t-mobile and I left t-mobile I have
a cantina when I use the pearl but it
would be great to add to my collection
an older pearl yes um I love it I can't
show you guys like um I took the sin
from my Maya bold I'm gonna buy a sim
for this one though it's not unlocked if
it was unlocked I would get the t mobile
tmobile blackberry plan because it's
this AT&T by great plan is so expensive
so expensive um let's see I sent my
first text message on it today and um
small text message but I'm waiting to
get my reply I want to see how that how
the reply comes back all the phone
sounds and looks and all that i'm such a
nerd I have such a cheesy nerd i know
but i love it guys i just want to show
you my phone
I want to show you my phone I am so in
love it's the color that I wanted I
thought it was going to be like that
ugly light blue one but it's actually
black and I wanted the black one and the
hardest thing about this phone is making
a call making cool call is not sorry
making clothes not so hard but it's the
whole thing of hanging up the phone like
I'm gonna call my home phone right now
its cool the call button is so it's so
convenient right here and you call Press
that and press that button this the call
menu comes up if you have a blackberry
you know this recent call menu and it
asks you call my home number hope you
guys can't see it you're my home phone
ready now the hardest thing is to end it
you press in and then it tells you home
never mind did it um yes guys
but I love it absolutely love the phone
I love it um I wasn't supposed to make
another video but I got my baby today my
babies all three of them i love them so
i plan on his blackberry here i gave it
to a friend to use and somehow beat the
space key the m key and the end key are
not working anymore because she was very
heavy-handed and I can't um text with
that Oracle or even a master reset the
phone because keys won't work wait will
they note they won't work so i guess
just what that mean guys guess what that
means yes i have to get a replacement
blackberry curve
I'm terrible who purple but I'm happy oh
my book yeah sorry about that just my
books kind of all fell over but I will
be back showing off my curve winning if
I get it I'm such a crackberry addict
guys I am addicted to the blackberry
someone help me if there is a
rehabilitation center for this send me a
message and help me cuz i am so
addictive is the blackberry i am so
addicted I can't I can't breathe it
without my blackberries you notice i
said sup with the cuisine with an S on
the end of it guys this is terrible this
is terrible if you have not gotten a
blackberry and you are easily you know
you're a gadget freak I don't suggest
you get the blackberry or if you have a
blackberry and you have not gotten
addicted to the library I congratulate
you because the blackberry such an
addictive phone it's hard not to get
addicted to it it's so hard and hmm I
fell victim to the crackberry and I am a
member of every crackberry for Rome
every blackberry from there is every
every theme and every cousin need help